some 41 to the chief musician a psalm of
David blessed is he who considers the
poor the Lord will deliver him in time
of trouble the Lord will preserve him
and keep him alive and he will be
blessed on the earth you will not
deliver him to the will of his enemies
the Lord will strengthen him on his bed
of illness you will sustain him on his
sickbed I said Lord be merciful to me
heal my soul for I have sinned against
you my enemies speak evil of me
when will he die and his name perish and
if he comes to see me
he speaks lies his heart gathers
iniquity to itself when he goes out he
tells it o who hate me whisper together
against me against me they devise my
heart an evil disease they say clings to
him and now that he lies down he will
rise up no more even my own familiar
friend you know whom I trusted who ate
my bread has lifted up his heel against
me but you O Lord
be merciful to me and raise me up that I
may repay them by this I know that you
are well pleased with me because my
enemy does not triumph over me as for me
you uphold me in my integrity and send
me before your face forever blessed be
the Lord God of Israel from everlasting
to everlasting amen and amen